very good friends of the channel
we have breaking news and that is
Antonio David Flores has spoken with La
Reason to speak out about the
words of the presenter Carlos Sobera
last night in case you haven't heard or I'll
put it in context a little and it is that
last night during the interview with Olga
Moreno in the special program there were
several collaborators who asked her
questions as if to fight her with things
about Antonio David and Olga Moreno refused
to answer obviously because these are
things that correspond to her husband or
her daughter Rocío Flores in one of them the
presenter Carlos Sobera apart from
cutting off for example Isabel
Rabago did not explain to her how good it is that
this program was exclusively to
interview Olga Moreno and Canto in
life will have her opportunity to respond
because Carlos Sobera also added that he thinks that
everyone has the
right to give their version
Antonio Davis did not appear in La Reason
speaking with Mari Nacional
and he has denied that in the near future he
would be working for Mediaset okay
in fact  it would be a terrible strategy
in the face of the lawsuit that he has
filed for unfair dismissal and he
also thinks that it could be a
strategy, a plan, the fact that
Carlos Sobera said these words,
no, that he either doesn't know the situation that
Antonio David has with the network, which is
completely illogical, no, that Carlos
Sobera, one of the great presenters
at Mediaset right now, is not
informed or has no idea what
Antonio Davis's situation is, and even more so when he
is presenting this type of programs,
no, but what could he do and that it
surely is, to me, the truth is
that it is a strategy by Mediaset to
calm down the issue of the lawsuit a little,
not by Antonio David Flores half offering himself there or
leaving the doors open to work, and
then when it comes time
to declare, which you know that
the second part of the trial has been delayed until September, then things will be a bit calmer, no, this would be something that would be contradictory, look at the point that yesterday about Kiko Hernandez, no, Kiko Hernandez without realizing it was there on Sálvame yesterday, no, sorry, before
yesterday on Sálvame that he had previously
also lost contracts the same day that
he was fired from the TV factory
equally the problem with Antonio David
right now and who is he suing is
the TV factory
the dismissal would still be unfair
from my point of view equally if he
goes to work with unique for example
the producer of Ana Rosa' no but it
is true that Telecinco may
now suddenly rush the
change of opinion and open the doors
to Antonio Davis when
the trial is upon us and they want to soften
things up to make it sound like hey
we haven't left him so stranded no
that here at the channel if the
doors are not open for one producer it is open
for the other no Antonio David for the
moment completely closes the door to
working with Telecinco okay I think
more than anything for the TV factory
because in the end what we have talked about
many times there are right now there are few
television channels that deal with the
subject matter that Antonella
Bino moves in but well we'll see what
happens and also
no  not only remember the situation he
has with the network and with the production company
but he's going to move forward with the
lawsuits that he's going to file against almost all of the
collaborators who he says are 80
percent and the truth is that he's right
I've said it on many occasions
that there is weight to sue a
few Miguel Free people have the weight
to take on a lawsuit and to lose
the Carlota Corredera not to mention no and
Belén Rodríguez of course I don't
expect them to be sued and also that they
pay whatever they pay because Sanz takes
some liberties to say some things as
if they could decide and stay so
cool what do you think about the
response to Antonio David Flores I
think that well okay it's fine
that in the near future I won't
work with the network but never
say never I will not drink this water in the
end the content Antonio Davis in which they have
presented themselves on television that
can be adapted to whatever no but
well let's see what happens
let's see if he wins the lawsuits
that I  I wish you a good future.
I will be reading.
A big hug, family. See you
in the next video.
[Music]